[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: The question is from Kevin.
And it is instead of using tuna
clones what would be the context
you would recommend
tuna being singular and
having Skrollr switched to
a different background?
>> Rachel Nabors: So the issue with tuna
is that tuna in the instance back there,
you saw that tuna was actually
composed of three different tunas.
There was the line work,
there was a black tuna that blotted
out a glowing layer as well.
So three tunas, the line work,
the glow and the blackness.
Now, could you have made
that a single element and
had Skrollr change that into tuna?
The issue is that you need
those three elements.
I can't actually think of a way that I
could do it with only two, without having
maybe say a pseudo-class with
a background image of the grinning tuna.
And then the regular
element of the black tuna.
And then using Skrollr to
animate the opacity of well,
you can't use Skrollr on
pseudo-elements so you can't.
Pseudo-elements are CSS only thing.
All right so, you can't change the
background position on the single element
with Skrollr without it actually scrolling
the background element in a direction.
So in this case with Skrollr you would
have to use at least two elements,
physical elements to do it.
>> Rachel Nabors: I hope
I answered his question.
It's a good question but
there are physical limitations
to what you can do with Skrollr.
Doesn't work on pseudo-elements and
you can't use background,
you can't fade background positions.
So if you're gonna use
a background image for something,
you have to change the opacity of
the whole thing if you wanna fade.
>> Speaker 3: What if you change
the actual background image?
>> Rachel Nabors: You can't
animate a background image change.
It's one of those unanimatable
things like display.
But that's a good question.
What would the animation look like?
>> Speaker 4: You can't
animate an image source.
>> Rachel Nabors: Nope, can't animate
an image source on a background.
All right, good question.
Hope the answer was good too.
Now, not every element
that we wanna animate is gonna go simply
from one state to another, on off, etc.
Sometimes we wanna run two different
animations in rapid succession.
What do those look like?
Well, there's this one
thing we can do called,
I like to call it actually
animation stacking.
Say we have the sequenced-thing.
We have an element want to run two
animations one after the other on.
We could do this technique called
animation stacking which is where we put
a delay on the second animation so
that it runs after the first is completed.
Here sequence1 takes one second for
each iteration, it runs twice.
So sequence2, it has a two second
duration, two second delay.
Because it's waiting two times
one second before it runs.
This works all right, I've used it before.
Specifically on this particular animation.
>> Rachel Nabors: Notice he
goes from walking to running.
If we take a look at the Editor,
we can see
just in the CSS that we've
got these walk-cycles,
a walk-to-run cycle and
a run cycle stacked on top of each other.
So the walk-cycle he does it twice
to one second long animation.
So the walk-to-run sequence doesn't
run until two seconds later.
And the run-cycle has a two point
seventy five second delay on it,
because the walk-to-run cycle is 0.75.
So it keeps that duration,
the delay keeps being
accumulative addition of
the previous durations behind it.
And it's all very simple,
I'm sure if you build a fancy SAS mix
in to handle your animation stacking for
you but there are some downsides.